{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Summary of final project \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 For my final project I thought of creating a personality quiz. I changed this idea slightly to make the quiz about "which zodiac sign are you most compatible with". With each question that is asked I will relate every answer to one of the zodiac signs. The result of the quiz depends upon the amount of answers one chooses related to a specific zodiac sign. So for example if you pick mostly C's you will be most compatible with the zodiac sign that is linked to C.\'a0 I will also make sure that the questions are of an odd number so you can't get half of two zodiac signs. So the user would only be compatible with one zodiac sign instead of two. \
\
I will also make the styling and the design of the page related to the quiz. The page will have a starry and astrological look to it. When the user first opens the page a title page will come up. In order to take the quiz they will have to click a button that says \'93take quiz\'94. This will lead them to a separate page. The questions will all be on this second page and they will have arrows. As you scroll down new questions will come up. Once this part is over the user will be taken to their result of which zodiac sign they are most compatible with. In order for this to happen they will click a button that says \'93get my results\'94. Once they do this they go to the page that has their answers and an image of that zodiac sign. }